The Most-Holy Faith
  Apostles’
  Nicene
  3 Forms
  Septuagint
  Dioptic amillenialism
  Liberty in faith

Dialectal Method
  Aquila’s version
  Young’s Literal Version

Christian State
  Amillenial eschatology (founding myth: let’s conquer a land and make it a home for Christians, by right of their faith, as a persecution destination. Take Israel as an example. See the massacres of Christians. We aren’t gathering all Christians; just those whose situation is so dire that they would use this option.)
    A last outpost of cultural Christianity—a tribe whose tribal identity is their Protestant faith.
    City of refuge
    Producing evangelical material as state-sponsored activity
      The scriptorium
        Studying materials (liturgy, lectionaries, diaplæ, Bibles)
        Koine Greek
        Foundational codex
        Official documentation
        Evangelistic material
      Website, radio
  Right to Roam († faith as passport. Season-aware land rights)
  Anti-Islamic (treats all militant anti-Christian ideology, particularly Islam, as against the State, and deals with the enemy symbols and agents fittingly, even in co-operation with other states that recognise these ideologies in effecting the exile of recalcitrant enemy agents)
  Militia-based defence system (no standing army)
    Every citizen may own weapons for the defe
  Homestead as the atomic polity
    City homesteads and village homesteads.
    The state is the free alliance of all the homesteads, or their heads.
    Community: the free alliance two or more homesteads, or their heads, acting in the name of the state.
    Parental authority as the limit of the state. The state may not interfere in parent-child relationships.
    Marriage as the most-basic contract; generally involves other homesteads, but not the state
    Every house a sovereign territory, legitimately defended with fatal force against invasion. This is the basic defence system of the state, and the reason why every single home may be armed with whatever it may find necessary.
  Rule by Divine right (“all authority comes from God”)
  Natural and organic (General: all natural ecosystems—including the plants, animals, and environmental patterns—were created by God good and wholesome in their natural state, and may not be forbidden or controlled; we do not allow parmanent or multi-generational modification of these natural systems. Specific: weed and psychedelics are legal, reforestation and sustainable farming are official policy, but no GMO, no nuclear.)
  The Kuyperian dichotomy in statecraft
    Family and State
    Village and City
    Chapel and Synod
    Democracy and Autocracy
  Community justice (most cases are simple; communities organise their own precedents, during the trial if necessary, from memory if necessary)
    Heads of homesteads owe it to themselves to be dilligent in studying cases, fair in judging, merciful to the truly repentant, and a consistent terror to those who persist in doing evil. Every sentence should uphold justice and fairness and defend their names and the state from exploitation by wicked men, while exhibiting that uniquely Christian understanding of the reforming power of pardon, mercy, and forgiveness.
    The punishment for capital offences is exile (excommunication).
      The offender shall be considered excommunicated
    Most justice is already community justice—where it is efficient and resistant to corruption, at any rate.
    The most-important legal questions should not be settled outside of the immediate context of the crime, which is the community that is concerned with it.
    Good enough for Gacaca … corruption-resistant, efficient, universal.
  Legal: the confession (“The Most-Holy Faith”), the general laws (laws of the land; this document), the specific laws (laws of the Executive)
  Both a question of Christianised states, and state-oriented Christianity (Presbyterian, Anglican)
  Flag, motto, court of arms
  Koine Greek

  Makuria, Axum-Amhara, Byzantine, Roman, Geneva, Helvetic Confederation
  Israel
    There is something to learn from the fate of the Jews and their enemies
      Kingdom of Poland
      The interbellum European empires
      Since anti-Semitism is real Israel’s relevance is real
      Those who oppose this state do so in spite of its goodness, not because of its badness; for they defend entities far worse than Israel, and are blind to nearly any objective good that Israel does.
      If their sovereign and well-armed state is harrassed this much, how much worse would it be for the Jews if they didn’t even have this little strip of land to flee to *when* the nations are killing them?
      There will be even more trouble and blind criticism for the Christian state than for the Jewish state, but its triumph over its enemies will be even more-glorious, because we are determined to live free in our lands until it pleases God to extinguish this our testimony, or until our True Sovereign returns—whichever comes first (dioptic eschatology).
  Other cases: 20th-century Islamic republics (Pakistan, Iran) and kingdoms (Saudi Arabia, UAE).
    The Arab Spring (21st-century)

Christian Head of State
  Christianised Executive or executive-aspirant Christian.
    Intro to the Gospel, from this view
  No faith in the flesh
  “Ye are gods. Deal justice.”
  Head of State: may kill, may never be killed, even though a mortal.
    Men of anointed God may not be killed by the sword, for God alone has authority over them.
    Men are only subject to those whom God subjects them to.
    Subjection is always just assumed, until a verbal command is given. Every verbal command is a test of true subjection.
    Subjects do, or cause to be done, the command of those to whom they are subject. Research agrees about the mysteriousness of this authority, so no point pretending it is not mysterious.
  Obedience is to words, not actions
  Cyrus, but even better
  Chronicles, Daniel, Maccabees
  Temporal benefits of the Light
  Your seed, the natural pupil, ally, and heir
  War (only ever against explicitly anti-Christian entities)
--

Executive Petition:
  Policy favouring Christian refugees at ports of entry and embassies of the Republic.
    List of Christian crisis events (2013, 2014)
      Middle East
      Pakistan
  Right of Sojourn in Uganda for Christian refugees
  Publicise the policy
  A referendum on Article 7
  On failure:
    We will not recognise any Executives of the Republic after the incumbent.
    Launch a war against the Republic, not to dismantle the Republic, but to establish a Christian free state with the sovereignty to implement the executive petition.
    This war will not end until we have a Christian free state; by peace or by war.
“The Trouble is with Article 7”
  We once thought that we could define a state’s morality without defining its religion. By the time this obvious fact was re-accepted in the Western cultures from which we copied our statecraft, the culture of the irreligious state had already taken hold. Westphalia, et al.
  The problem is only beginning, because the statecraft tradition with which the godless article identifies us is the one that, ultimately, devolves into the perverse hedonism that now animates those who are besieging Uganda in favour of homosexuality.
  When a Constitution insists that it is the final authority, as is the case in ours, and yet it doesn’t subject itself to God, you are going to end up having to interpret the Constitution as though it is infallible scripture. This is not bad, as long as that is the religion you want; for this Republic allows no document to oppose the Constitution.
  The distinction between freedom and licence is only ever defined by a religion. Say, freedom from social compulsion on the one hand (for example, freedom to speak whatever language we want) and licence on the other hand (for example, licence to practice the gay culture in this country). With no religion, all that is left is the prevailing proclivities being the definition of what is moral. (“Leges”, versus “mores”. “Religion”—tying again—is important to specify because “re-tying” will have to happen at some point.)
  The religion should be consistent, and therefore cannot be a syncretisation of several distinct religions. At any rate, in a majority Christian country—or a majority-Muslim country, for that matter—the state religion is obvious even when it is not explicit.
  Not having a state religion prevents a major source of conflict in the present, but packages even worse headaches for the future. Responsible statecraft doesn’t pass such crises on to future generations.
  America started out fervently religious in population, but godless in Constitution. Because of the scriptural status of the Constitution in these constitutional republics, the highest authority in the constitution (prevailing proclivi
  Don’t-ask-don’t-tell is the default, until the activists come
  This the case for Uganda … but not Saudi Arabia
  The modern state was born out of a religious war; it overthrew the kings. The founding revolution is religious, whether we like it or not, and it is Protestant.
  Uganda is actually a majority-Christian country, and therefore has a state religion just as much as it has a state morality. This latter has been cited in the homosexual debate, and cannot be denied. Therefore neither can the state religion be denied.
The Anti-Qathemite Tract
No right to act in our name on secret information
Museveni is the Last President of the Republic
  After him, I will not recognise any non-Christian state, or any non-Christian Head of State.
Society of Simon the Zealot
Just Fight: Employing Asymetric Warfare as a Christian
  Guerilla: the obsolete military doctrine
  Homestead barracks: fight for your own turf, on your own turf.
  Militia: chocking off imperialism, military dictatorship, and creating a perpetual-resistance culture which is resistant to invasion.
    Long-range rifle
  Sabotage: fighting against enemy infrastructure because all infrastructure is war infrastructure.
    Airports, roads, water supplies, telephone masts, electric lines and poles, markets, ports, bridges, statues …
    War is the efficient propagation of entropy against all infrastructure that *could* be used by the enemy.
    All armed guards are enemy combatants
  Exploiting Terrain (defensible places abound all over the World)
  Airstrikes
    Jets, Drones
  Peak Oil

Luganda “Targum”
